Well, thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Please sit. Thank you. This is without question the latest news conference I’ve ever had. Thank you. I appreciate it very much. And I want to thank the American people for their tremendous support, millions and millions of people voted for us tonight. And a very sad group of people is trying to disenfranchise that group of people and we won’t stand for it. We will not stand for it.

I want to thank the first lady, my entire family, and Vice President Pence, Mrs. Pence for being with us all through this. And we were getting ready for a big celebration. We were winning everything and all of a sudden it was just called off. The results tonight have been phenomenal and we are getting ready… I mean, literally we were just all set to get outside and just celebrate something that was so beautiful, so good. Such a vote, such a success to citizens of this country have come out in record numbers. This is a record. There’s never been anything like it to support our incredible movement. We won states that we weren’t expected to win. Florida, we didn’t win it. We won it by a lot.

We won the great State of Ohio. We won Texas, we won Texas. We won Texas. We won Texas by 700,000 votes and they don’t even include it in the tabulations. It’s also clear that we have won Georgia. We’re up by 2.5% or 117,000 votes with only 7% left. They’re never going to catch us. They can’t catch us. Likewise we’ve clearly won North Carolina. Where we’re up 1.4%. We’re 77,000 votes with only approximately 5% left. They can’t catch us. We also, if you look and you see Arizona, we have a lot of life in that. And somebody declared that it was a victory for… And maybe it will be. I mean, that’s possible. But certainly there were a lot of votes out there that we could get because we’re now just coming into what they call Trump territory. I don’t know what you call it. But these were friendly Trump voters. And that could be overturned.

The gentleman that called it, I watched tonight. He said, “Well, we think it’s fairly unlikely that he could catch.” Well, fairly unlikely? And we don’t even need it. We don’t need that. That was just a state that if we would have gotten it, it would have been nice. Arizona. But there’s a possibility, maybe even a good possibility. In fact, since I saw that originally it’s been changed and the numbers have substantially come down just in a small amount of votes. So we want that obviously to stay in play. But most importantly, we’re winning Pennsylvania by a tremendous amount of votes.

We’re up 600… Think of this. Think of this. Think of this. We’re up 690,000 votes in Pennsylvania, 690,000. These aren’t even close. This is not like, “Oh, it’s close…” With 64% of the vote in, it’s going to be almost impossible to catch. And we’re coming into good Pennsylvania areas where they happen to like your president. I mean, it’s very good. So we’ll probably expand that. We’re winning Michigan, but I’ll tell you, I looked at the numbers. I said, “Wow.” I looked, I said, “Wow, that’s a lot.” By almost 300,000 votes and 65% of the vote is in and we’re winning Wisconsin. And I said, “Well, we don’t need all of them. We need…” Because when you add Texas in, which wasn’t added, I spoke with the really wonderful governor of Texas just a little while ago, Greg Abbott, he said, “Congratulations.” He called me to congratulate me on winning Texas.

I mean, we won Texas. I don’t think they finished quite the tabulation, but there’s no way. And it was almost complete, but he congratulated me. Then he said, “By the way, what’s going on? I’ve never seen anything like this.” Can I tell you what, nobody has. So we won by 107,000 votes with 81% of the vote. That’s Michigan. So when you take those three states in particular and you take all of the others, I mean, we have so many… We had such a big night. You just take a look at all of these states that we’ve won tonight, and then you take a look at the kind of margins that we’ve won it by, and all of a sudden, it’s not like we’re up 12 votes and we have 60% left. We won states. And all of a sudden I said, “What happened to the election? It’s off.” And we have all these announcers saying what happened? And then they said, “Oh.”

Because you know what happened? They knew they couldn’t win so they said, “Let’s go to court.” And did I predict this, Newt? Did I say this? I’ve been saying this from the day I heard they were going to send out tens of millions of ballots. They said exactly, because either they were going to win or if they didn’t win, they’ll take us to court. So Florida was a tremendous victory. 377,000 votes. Texas, as we said. Ohio, think of this. Ohio a tremendous state, a big state. I love Ohio. We won by 8.1%, 460,00…think of this. Almost 500,000 votes. North Carolina, a big victory with North Carolina. So we won there. We lead by 76,000 votes with almost nothing left. And all of a sudden everything just stopped.

This is a fraud on the American public. This is an embarrassment to our country. We were getting ready to win this election. Frankly, we did win this election. We did win this election. So our goal now is to ensure the integrity for the good of this nation. This is a very big moment. This is a major fraud in our nation. We want the law to be used in a proper manner. So we’ll be going to the US Supreme Court. We want all voting to stop. We don’t want them to find any ballots at four o’clock in the morning and add them to the list. Okay? It’s a very sad moment. To me this is a very sad moment and we will win this. And as far as I’m concerned, we already have won it.

Thank you very much, thank you. So beautiful out here. And thank you for joining us as we announce a massive and groundbreaking expansion in our testing capability for the China virus. And as you know, it’s already setting records, records like nobody’s ever seen before. Last week, we crossed a historic milestone when the United States conducted our 100 millionth test, far more than any other country and not even close actually, second seems to be India with one point five billion people. And the numbers would be probably at least 50 million more tests by us. We’ve conducted more tests than the entire European Union. And more than all of Latin America combined.

We’re thrilled to be joined by Vice President Mike Pence, Secretary of Health and Human Services, Alex Azar, Secretary of Education, Betsy DeVos, hi Betsy. Administrator for the Centers for Medicine and Medicaid Services, Seema Verma, Seema, and Admiral Giroir, who’s done such an incredible job, thank you, Admiral. We’re also joined by Mississippi Governor Tate Reeves, had a tremendous victory, we’re so proud of you. And as well by Abbott’s CEO, Robert Ford, Robert, thank you very much, great job. Today I’m pleased to report that we’re announcing our plan to distribute 150 million Abbott rapid point-of-care tests in the coming weeks, very, very soon. This will be more than double the number of tests already performed and here’s our plan. 50 million tests will go to protect the most vulnerable communities, which we’ve always promised to do, including 18 million for nursing homes, 15 million for assisted living facilities, 10 million for home health and hospiece care, hospice care agencies, and nearly one million for Historically Black Colleges and Universities, and also tribal nation colleges.

100 million rapid point-of-care tests will be given to states and territories to support efforts to reopen their economies and schools immediately and fast as they can. For example, the support my administration is providing would allow every state to, on a very regular basis, test every teacher who needs it. This continues our critical effort to use testing to protect high-risk communities. These new Abbott rapid point-of-care tests are easy to use and return results within just minutes. You’ll have a result at a maximum 15 minutes, no machine is required to process them. So in the old days, when we just started this, you remember we’d go out and we’d have to find these massive laboratories with tremendously expensive equipment. Now we’re down to something that you’ll see that is really from a different planet. I would like to ask Admiral Giroir to come up and demonstrate how these tests are performed. You’ll do this very nicely, I think. Good luck, hope you don’t test positive.

In a short period of time, my administration has built the most advanced testing system in the world. There’s never been anything like this. When the pandemic struck, there were zero tests for the China virus, but we’ve marshaled all of America’s resources to achieve these unparalleled capabilities. We slashed red tape and approved emergency use authorizations for 243 type of tests. That’s how many tests we have. I invoked the Defense Production Act and related authorities more than 100 times and distributed $171 million to expand testing production. We’ve done nearly twice as much testing per capita as France, Italy, and Germany. And over six times more testing per capita than South Korea. We’ve done far more than any other country, usually times two, three, four, five, or six. We’ve performed nearly 40 million more tests than India.

by the end of next month, we will have over 100 million tests available in the market. More than half will be point-of-care tests. Those are the quick ones, and they’re really the ones that have the best impact, with the results in less than 15 minutes. We’ve also prioritized resources for the most vulnerable, including nursing home residents. We delivered rapid testing devices to nearly 14,000 certified nursing homes. We opened over 1,000 community testing sites in low-income communities. Nobody could have done this. We invested an unprecedented eight billion dollars to help tribal communities have the tests and resources they need to combat the virus. And it’s important to remember that as younger and healthier people return to work, and as we massively increased testing capacity, we will identify more cases and asymptomatic individuals in low-risk populations. This should not cause undue alarm, the total number of cases is not the full metric of success. Hospitalization capacity and mortality rates are far more instructive metrics.

As we do more tests, you’re going to have automatically more cases. We are relentlessly focused on protecting the vulnerable while enabling healthy Americans to go back to work. We can do both as Florida, Arizona, and other states have recently shown. Over the last eight weeks hospitalizations have declined by 48% and they’ve just reached the lowest point since March, that’s a long time ago. Due to advances in treatment, the fatality rate has fallen 85% since April. Our excess mortality has been considerably lower than comparable countries. Excess mortality compares total deaths during a pandemic to what we would be expected in a normal year. This is a critical measurement because it includes undetected China virus deaths, along with deaths resulting from lockdowns, and lockdowns can be very harmful. And we have too many states that are locked down right now, the governors are … nobody knows what the governors are doing actually.

Europe has experienced a 50% greater excess mortality rate during the virus than the U.S. and their economic contraction has been far more severe. Under Operation Warp Speed, my administration’s on track to deliver a safe and effective vaccine in record time. We’re doing very well with the vaccines as most of you know. Four vaccines are now in the final stage of trials. The day the vaccine is approved by the F.D.A., we’ll begin distributing it within 24 hours with hundreds of millions of doses to follow very quickly. We’re all set to go. We’re all ready and logistically we have the military lined up and some incredible people are just waiting to have it. Over 100 million doses will be available before the end of the year. We will defeat the virus and we’ll end the pandemic. And next year will be one of the greatest years in our history, and we think it’s going to be a very exciting period of time. With that, I’d like to ask Mike to say a few words, because you just left a Task Force meeting, Vice President Mike Pence.

Tremendous progress is being made and I say it and I’ll say it all the time, we’re rounding the corner. And very importantly vaccines are coming, but we’re rounding the corner regardless, but vaccines are coming and they’re coming fast. We have four great companies already, and it’s going be added to very rapidly. They’re in final stages of testing. And from what we’re hearing, the results are going to be very extraordinary. So thank you very much, I appreciate it. And thank you very much, great job by Abbott, right from the beginning, great job by Abbott. Thank you, thank you very much everybody, thank you