We actually haven't told anyone the sex. So I heard that we're having a boy. I heard that we're having twins. I heard that I'm not even carrying my own baby. I've heard so many things and most of that information is not true.

I did rent out the Staples Center. And I always - you know, it's been this big fight where every time I get my daughter something, it could be the smallest toy or especially when I got her playset, which was her Christmas present, my husband wonders, you know, how come we can't get a basketball court? It's the only thing he requested in the house. You can buy, you know, whatever home you want. We'll move anywhere, whatever city, but all I want is a basketball court. And so I've been ignoring his request for like two years.

And so I surprised him with building one in the backyard. But it wasn't going to be ready in time, so I thought well, I have to do something basketball oriented. And so I thought why not? Because it's so normal, I get it - rented out the entire Staples Center to play a game of basketball with him and just his best guy friends. And then I invited a couple NBA players and it was so much fun.

And what was so cool was that they had the guys filming it, so they would do the replays - like, everything was like...

Well, if you notice that at the beginning of the book, there's more - no, towards the middle - there's a lot of duck face going on. In recent years, I'm like too cool for duck face, so that doesn't happen. But, you know, it's just really - I mean, I get it. It's like a bunch of selffies; it's silly. But it's all my memories, and I've been taking photos - not only of myself - but of just my environment and where I'm at and my friends. I thought it was just - you know, selfies are such a really, like, popular thing right now. And I thought it would be really cool to put 'em all in a book.

Well, I had Khloe babysitting her maybe a couple weeks ago over the weekend one day. And she - they sent me a photo of themselves and Khloe and North were doing duck lips.

It was so interesting that was when I was at the basketball game party, some of the basketball players were taking selfies with us, and I was like this is like using a selfie stick because...

As I'm now, you know, pregnant and as I'm going to get bigger and bigger, the further away, the skinnier you look. So I might have to break it out.

So we're going to ask you three questions about your celebrity rival, Kim Jong Un, who dominates the TMZ on the other side of the DMZ.

I think it could be a little cliché when everyone wears a red lip or tries to wear a red nail polish, and stuff like that for the holidays. I kind of like winter whites; and like white nails and maybe a smoky eye but with a light lip. And if you have to do a festive lip, do a darker lip like a plum or a burgundy or even a cool shade of brown. I like a really dark lip right now.

I gave Kylie such shit for dying her hair blue, especially at the time of my wedding, and I was so upset and I thought 'she's going to ruin everything!', I didn't understand it. Looking back, I loved it and even towards the end I really started to love it. So if it was short - and how Kylie did it - I think I would. I'm not saying I will, but… I would be into it.

I think I would. Y'know, I have before, and I didn't really love it, and it was in high-school, and I mean, I think we spend so much time and so much energy taking our hairfinity pills, to grow our hair long, I don't think I would cut it anytime soon.

I think contouring takes a little time to get used to your face, and it can really change the shape of your face. I'm better at contouring with powder, and not cream, but I love when someone else is really good with cream and make it look great. I just think you need to know your face, and how to slim your nose and not make it look too slim. It's so clever. It's insane whoever invented it.

I don't know. It's the hardest thing ever because he spends all year doing so many amazing things for so many people, and he's so good to me, so Christmas and birthdays are the times that I wanna go out and do something really really really nice. I, I don't know. And if I say it here, what I'm thinking, he'll hear about it.

I think what we're going to do this year is - we're a little confused this year because we ran out of time. I think this is the first year that we're not doing our card, BUT what we're going to do is, at our Christmas party we have this amazing photo booth so we're going to do like a compilation and do a New Year's card. So we're all going to get together at the beginning of the party and make sure that we all get photos together and do this whole thing. So that's kind of what we came up with, but we're kind of sad, we just couldn't get it together. And where is everyone? Y'know, this one doesn't want to be in it, this one does want to be in it, so who knows…

I don't use filters. Every once in a while I change it to black and white.

I do have a team of people, it's not like I sit, curl, and do all of these hairstyles. I love my glam team, but as far as keeping it healthy, I am militant about taking my hairfinity every morning, I take two pills and then I don't wash my hair every day. I really try and stick with - y'know, if I'm getting it done, I'll get a blow-out on the first day, and on the second day I'll add waves and curls to it, and on the third day I'll keep that messy, and on the fourth day stick it up, and then wash it that night.

In my bag I need some blot strips or powder, it's a must, I always have a credit card, my phone and a lipstick. I don't carry a big purse these days, especially if I go out, it's like a small clutch.

